src/content/blog/first-post.md, before:

---
title: 'Learn making amazing website design and components with Eventrue'
description: 'Learning Figma Components'
pubDate: 'Jan 11 2024'
heroImage: '/mockup.png'
---

### The Eventure Design Story: A Figma Tale of Components, Auto Layout, and a Sprinkle of Humor

---

**Segment 1: The Birth of Components - Because Who Wants to Copy-Paste Forever?**

Alright, let's get real. If you've ever found yourself copy-pasting the same button 50 times in Figma, you're doing it wrong (seriously, your mouse deserves better). Enter **Components**, the superheroes of the design world. In our Eventure project, we embraced components like long-lost friends, creating reusable elements to save us from design doom.

- **Step 1: Creating Components**  
  Think of components as those perfectly crafted pizza slices that you can clone forever. Select your design (button, card, or even the all-mighty navbar), hit `Ctrl + Alt + K` (or `Cmd + Option + K` on Mac), and BOOM, you've got yourself a reusable component.

- **Step 2: Using Components**  
  Drag and drop components wherever you need them, tweak their properties, and watch in awe as they stay consistent across the board. No more playing hide-and-seek with inconsistencies!

- **Funny Hint:** Components are like that one friend who remembers all your birthdays; they just never let you down.

---

**Segment 2: Auto Layout - Because Manual Alignment is so 2010**

If you've ever spent hours nudging elements pixel by pixel, let's have a moment of silence. Now, let me introduce you to the game-changer: **Auto Layout**, the feature that makes everything snap into place like magic.

- **Step 1: Applying Auto Layout**  
  Select a group of elements, hit `Shift + A`, and watch them fall in line like soldiers. Adjust spacing, padding, and direction with a few clicks.

- **Step 2: Adjusting Responsiveness**  
  Whether you're designing for a phone, tablet, or an alien spaceship, Auto Layout makes resizing a breeze. Set elements to `Hug`, `Fill`, or `Fixed` and stop worrying about manual adjustments.

- **Funny Hint:** Auto Layout is like having an OCD designer friend who arranges your room without you asking.

---

**Segment 3: Design Systems - The Secret Sauce to Consistency**

Ever opened an old Figma file and thought, "What in the world was I thinking?" Well, that’s why design systems exist. Eventure thrives on a well-structured design system that keeps fonts, colors, and spacing in check.

- **Step 1: Defining Styles**  
  Head over to the right panel, click `+` next to text, color, or effects, and name it something reasonable ("Cool Blue" is fine, "Mom's Favorite Shade" – not so much).

- **Step 2: Staying Consistent**  
  Use defined styles across the project to ensure that everything looks like it belongs in the same universe.

- **Funny Hint:** A good design system is like your mom's favorite recipe—stick to it, and you'll never mess up.

---

With these concepts in mind, the Eventure design journey has been smoother than expected (minus a few creative breakdowns and excessive coffee consumption). Figma’s features like components, auto layout, and design systems are here to save us all from chaos.

And remember: Design smart, not hard! 🎨✨

Commit message:

Update first blog post publication date and add link to Figma design file

src/content/blog/first-post.md, after:

---
title: 'Learn making amazing website design and components with Eventrue'
description: 'Learning Figma Components'
pubDate: 'Jan 26 2025'
heroImage: '/mockup.png'
---

### The Eventure Design Story: A Figma Tale of Components, Auto Layout, and a Sprinkle of Humor

---

**Segment 1: The Birth of Components - Because Who Wants to Copy-Paste Forever?**

Alright, let's get real. If you've ever found yourself copy-pasting the same button 50 times in Figma, you're doing it wrong (seriously, your mouse deserves better). Enter **Components**, the superheroes of the design world. In our Eventure project, we embraced components like long-lost friends, creating reusable elements to save us from design doom.

- **Step 1: Creating Components**  
  Think of components as those perfectly crafted pizza slices that you can clone forever. Select your design (button, card, or even the all-mighty navbar), hit `Ctrl + Alt + K` (or `Cmd + Option + K` on Mac), and BOOM, you've got yourself a reusable component.

- **Step 2: Using Components**  
  Drag and drop components wherever you need them, tweak their properties, and watch in awe as they stay consistent across the board. No more playing hide-and-seek with inconsistencies!

- **Funny Hint:** Components are like that one friend who remembers all your birthdays; they just never let you down.

---

**Segment 2: Auto Layout - Because Manual Alignment is so 2010**

If you've ever spent hours nudging elements pixel by pixel, let's have a moment of silence. Now, let me introduce you to the game-changer: **Auto Layout**, the feature that makes everything snap into place like magic.

- **Step 1: Applying Auto Layout**  
  Select a group of elements, hit `Shift + A`, and watch them fall in line like soldiers. Adjust spacing, padding, and direction with a few clicks.

- **Step 2: Adjusting Responsiveness**  
  Whether you're designing for a phone, tablet, or an alien spaceship, Auto Layout makes resizing a breeze. Set elements to `Hug`, `Fill`, or `Fixed` and stop worrying about manual adjustments.

- **Funny Hint:** Auto Layout is like having an OCD designer friend who arranges your room without you asking.

---

**Segment 3: Design Systems - The Secret Sauce to Consistency**

Ever opened an old Figma file and thought, "What in the world was I thinking?" Well, that’s why design systems exist. Eventure thrives on a well-structured design system that keeps fonts, colors, and spacing in check.

- **Step 1: Defining Styles**  
  Head over to the right panel, click `+` next to text, color, or effects, and name it something reasonable ("Cool Blue" is fine, "Mom's Favorite Shade" – not so much).

- **Step 2: Staying Consistent**  
  Use defined styles across the project to ensure that everything looks like it belongs in the same universe.

- **Funny Hint:** A good design system is like your mom's favorite recipe—stick to it, and you'll never mess up.

---

With these concepts in mind, the Eventure design journey has been smoother than expected (minus a few creative breakdowns and excessive coffee consumption). Figma’s features like components, auto layout, and design systems are here to save us all from chaos.

And remember: Design smart, not hard! 🎨✨

Also here is the link to the figma file of Eventrue 
<a href="https://www.figma.com/design/BWvpyMBM4hUt3yoHpb4wAv/Eventure?node-id=0-1&t=TixOOLEXr02mpscl-1" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Click Here</a>
